well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
mr. Rogers dreams and not letting
anything stand in your way I heard a
story about mr. Rogers once I don't know
if it's true could be an urban legend
but I never looked into it because I
like the story the the reason that he
narrated and always said that he was
feeding the fish because he got a letter
from a blind girl who was worried about
the fish being fed because I guess he
said it once and then didn't say it
again so from that point forward he
always made sure it was part of the show
right now I've got something called
baggo blooms Strawberry kit this isn't a
sponsorship thing it's $5.99
I got it at Tractor Supply inside
there's a point inside there's a plastic
bag with holes big holes for the plants
little holes for the drainage at the
bottom and strawberries strawberry
plants I got a bag of potting soil here
on the counter so
one of the reasons I love growing your
own food self-reliance breed
self-reliance and when I did that video
about planting your yard every comment
there you know most people when they
have comments about it it's I don't have
time I don't have space this person
didn't have space they have a balcony
let it get Sun but they're blind worried
about weeding these bags don't require
weeding and they work on a balcony and
it's been about two minutes since I
started putting this together
doesn't take much time either eight
strawberry plants if you don't want to
get the kit because they don't have the
fruit you want your vegetable you want
to do with you can use a ziplock bags
trash bags do the same thing all it
needs a soil in the bag to be hung in
sunlight matching whatever the plant
needs most times it's gonna be direct
Sun so it needs like six hours a day and
moisture that's it the plant has no idea
it's not in the ground and that it's in
a bag at work I've seen people do this
with these I've seen people do it in
containers on patios I've seen people
use shoe organizers that like hang on
the back of doors that have the pockets
in them they poke little holes in the
fabric and then use those and I've
actually seen people use those and have
the bottom done with watermelons because
the vines that come off with the fruit
on them they don't need to be in the
dirt just the roots so those shoe
organizers you can do with that
I know this video is really for one
person but at the same time I think
everybody can take something away from
it you may have something you want to
fruit you may have some dream let
nothing stand in your way if yeah you
may have society throwing obstacles in
your path left and right you may have a
physical issue there's always a way and
given the fact that one of the reasons I
advocate this so much is to instill
self-reliance and and build that
confidence in yourself I think that if
somebody leaves a comment like that
somebody should tell them that the
goldfish is being fed don't give up on
your dreams anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night